so quite a few people have asked me to
demonstrate the various positions i'm
going to try to keep this short
otherwise i won't be able to get out of
my iPhone and email it out so basically
i want to show quickly what positions
the the smart cover goes into with a
smarter stand on it so here i've got the
two clips I've got my rubber pad in the
back or PU pad if you will and the first
thing I'm going to do is show you that
would even with the clips on first of
all there's no gap the clips really stay
flush and the cover stays flush with the
clips on there's no no issues there so
you can always keep it on which is
really a key differentiator with other
covers that you have to carry around
this really don't have to worry about it
stays on and it's there for you to use
when you need it the second thing is
with the with the clips on you can use
the cover as you normally do there's no
difference it still goes into it's both
of its original positions standing
upright as well as flat as I showed you
before and it doesn't change any of that
it doesn't affect the magnet magnetic
functionality of the cover it doesn't
scratch the screen and but you can do
additional things with it which is the
whole point and you do that by moving
the clips back and forth along the cover
so here by moving this first clip up one
notch and blocking that first fold
you'll see the fold is now stiff and I
can turn it back set the iPad and now
boom it's there and I can type I can tap
against it it's not going to fall it's
very stable it's like the second thing I
can do is move that second clip down and
now I have both folds both of the first
folds locked into place and I can use
this as a 45-degree stand and same thing
I can tap on it the ipad doesn't move
one notch and now you can see i'm even
typing with my finger here it's it's
it's very stable
another position I wanted to show you
today is the position that I was
demonstrated in the original Kickstarter
video which is the private typing stand
position and I achieve that by putting
both clips here I could just have just
one of them there and the other one on
this on the neutral position and when I
do that I you'll see it doesn't isolate
the first fold so the first full sort of
flips back it does nice elate the last
one but the one in the middle is
isolated and I get a private typing
stand meaning that meaning that if
someone is in front of me and I'm saying
interviewing this person are having a
meeting with them they can't see my
screen because it's blocked by this
first fold being folded back like that
so another very handy position there's
other positions you can unlock with the
third clip which unfortunately i don't
have here but the i guess that kind of
keeps the fun you know people will be
able to pack this in any way possible
but to do that you have to like it on
facebook and i put the link by the video
that will get you the third clip if you
like it on Facebook you'll get a third
clip and you'll be able to do all kinds
of other stuff with it as well thanks
for your time